Comments
Per day, there would be 4-5 lectures and the course is for 2.5 years (till you defend your thesis and can extend up to 5 years). All the profeesors are very experienced and research-oriented. The approach of the solutions is given weightage and not just the final answer. So copying will not work here.
Faculty are helpful friendly. Helps to find the correct decision making. Lectures hold industry experience and certifications which helps in work. They are mostly very experienced which great knowledge always ready to help at anytime and one of the best in the country
For a 3 credit course we had 50 lectures in one semester, Basically we had 3 classes in a week for a 3 credit course. All my professors at college were Well educated ( phd ) and top class teachers who were always welcoming during my college days. They were more into research and helped us to have a idea through our btech projects in our college days.
They are highly qualified profeesionals who are known in their field and are working on some high profile research with a good number of research scholars and PhD students under them to help them. There has been a move to hire more profeesors based off of their research potential but senior profeesors still control the hiring and are choosing teaching over research.
Most of the faculties are researchers. So they have in-depth knowledge of subjects. They give very good assignments and teach and discuss new technologies.they work on various new technologies like AI ML.
Faculties are so good some faculties put their whole efforts to explain things to students and to give them full knowledge about the topic. On the other hand we have regular tests for our self assessment.
There ar nearly 25 lecturers for our course.Mainly most of them stay in their respective cabins after completion of class.We can either go there in person or we can just simply mail them,it is sure that they will respond immediately.They are very talented.
The faculty in our College especially the department are very good and are very very search for kist most of their work bi towards their research interest and h professor takes about one or two courses per semester only the research domains of the professor in the institute is also broad. We can choose to work under many projects provided subject to their approval. there is a compulsory dual degree project which has to be done by the student under any one of the professors in the department. The faculty on the outside are motivated to teach the students and to make sure there interest in biotechnology in general is ignited.
Faculty in our institution are excellent. They are very interactive and helpful to us. They explain every topic very interestingly so that everyone should take interest. They slove our every small doubt. So they are just awesome.
The faculty in Institute is highly qualified with their phd from various prestigious foreign universities. They are very helpful and many teach in nice manner. But they do not seem to show interest in teaching as they are mostly involved in research work.
Some of top faculty in india are teaching in our college.We are proud to have teachers like them.They have very good knowledge and teaching skills.They way they were elaborating the concept is quite interesting.
They are themselves either doctorate holders or aluminus or maybe both and very helpful.some professors are marks oriented and very strict in attendance. Attendance is high at minimum of 85 percentage
The faculty are highly renowned and also very knowledgeable. Some are into research too. Most of them are also alumni of IITs. Some are very good at teaching while some are not up to the mark. They are very approachable too.
To be honest, all the faculties are not that dedicated to teaching. Many of the professors come to class, show a few slides and when the time is up, just go to the next class. So many students have to study on their own to secure good marks. But needless to say, there are teachers who are excellent in their profession and it mostly depends on our luck as to which professor would be teaching us.
the faculty here is amazing. All of them are grest in their field and very respected people. People from outside try very hard to approach them for any collaboration or work that have the professor. The teaching is also great.
All the faculty are real experts in their subjects. Any doubt asked to them will be cleared at the moment itself, also teaching assistants(PhD students) have been appointed for each subject to clear the doubts in absence of teacher.
Outstanding. All are a min phd holders, authors of some well known publications, scientists, publishers of some well known papers and articles, mathematicians, physicians. Been faculty in top universities across the world.
IIT Madras has world class faculty. Many professors are recruited by Govt. of India as well as top companies of the world for consultation jobs. They have their own research labs and offices. They guide students to complete their project and thesis. Many professors go to colleges like MIT (USA) to give lectures. Faculty is very helpful and available for students. It focuses on personality development of students.
best faculties I ever seen they are so much friendly no as such restriction for anything  a lot of freedom has given to make and come out with your X factor all professors are helping and friendly in nature
They are extremely good and they are punctual.  They know their responsibilities towards the class.  They have fond of mathematics. I had never seen such faculties who just fell madly for their field.
The IITs are the premier institutes of India. So no any doubt on the faculty. They are the best in the country. Sometimes you may find the junior level professors not that good however all the senior faculties are more than excellent.
Faculty in the college are top level academicians. Though some are not good at teaching, they compensate it by doing research extremely well. Almost all the profs encourage us to take up research projects.
One of the best faculty one can have. All faculties were garduates of reputated foreign universities. INSTITUTE has its own video lectures channel called NPTEL which is one of the world's largest e-learning site.
Faculty was awesome and very helpful. They have nice proffessors and teachers. The only thing which comes to my mind when i think about them is that they were at times really harsh and even discrimination was there.
