Comments
Most of the hostels are pretty old ( the college was established in 1959) and hence are not really elegant. However,  we are provided with almost all the basic facilities. There are single, double and triple sharing rooms. For freshers hostels, it is mostly double sharing rooms. Most of the boys hostels have their own grounds. Each hostel has a common room and a music room. Basic sports equipment are kept in each hostel. Some hostels have a vending machine. The amount of facilities in the hostels depends on the student-elected hostel secretaries who then plan the budget. For example, some hostels have a projector and bean bags and some games in the common room for leisure time, while some don't.
Yes. It is a residential college and has opted for staying. The rooms are single and it is fully furnished. The fees per semester (6 months) were around 15000 includes accommodation and food. The food is for 4 times and has a minimum of 5 items per meal. It is clean and tidy. Every hostel has it's own library, playing area, washing machine, etc.
No I havent opted for college since my house is so close to hostel and easy for my transportation. As far as I know hostel are so neat and useful for 4th year students when the classes cohoes upto night 10 pm. Plus all the peer group creates a great environment for study
Yes, I was in hostel with a single room occupancy. In my college students are allotted single rooms from first year only with the state of the art facilities. We were provided with washing machines, sports equipments, 24 hour internet with good speed, dedicated tv room.
Hostels are good. We have 1 room mate in first year and for remaining it is single room. One table is provided in room. One bed is also provided. Two shelfs are provided for putting some books. One almira is also provided.
Yes I have opted for hostels.The hostles are so good and for the first year it is a sharing room.The hostel fees is nearly 35000 and single rooms will be accomodated after this year.The standards are very promising and good.
Jahan shall saiyaara quite old built about 40 years ago most of them at least and a few of them which have been constructed 45 years ago coming to hostel infrastructure every hostel student is entitled to a few things like an individual chair and table a cot a mirror. In first year of joining students are given double sharing rooms violin second year people may get single room or get triple sharing room. From the third year onwards every student it will get a single room if they want to. All the basic facilities in the hostels will be maintained bi a third party organisation which are contracted by IIT Madras.
Yes I am in hostel. IIT Madras has a large campus of about 700 acres with more than 15 hostels in it. It has more number of boys hostel then girls and the hostels name are on name of the River like my hostel name is CAUVERY. Hostel infrastructure are good and the facilities available are also very nice.
It is 9 out of 10.The hostel fees are very reasonable and the facilities are good enough for the cost.
Around 95 percent of the students stay in hostels inside the campus itself. Surprisingly, the hostel facilities are really good. In the first year, we have to share our room with a student but from second year onwards, we get single rooms. There are a lot of hostels, 13 for boys and 3 for girls. Also the students can opt for the mess according to their preference. The mess food is really good compared to other colleges.
very good. There are around 21 hostels on campus. Out of which 18 are boys hostels and 3 are girls hostels. The hostel facilities including mess facilities are up-to-date and furnished for students convenience and comfort.
"hostel facilities and mess food are not5 that good and not that bad too. since it is government colleges the facilities also will be like organized pop but no one cares these things in IIT. 
IIT is a brand and everyone came here for academics and activities so rooms and food matters not large here."
"In first year you have to share your room with one or two people but from the next year onward you will given a single room. Rooms are designed such that it is a perfect fit for a single person (not in the relationship mode). Rooms have tubelight, fan one table, chair, cot and one closet. No need to go for a PG, college has sufficient room to accommodate everyone.
Mess food is not that great but think for a minute that 102 rupees per day you cannot ask for a 5 star hotel food. Food is manageable."
"First year the room is given on a sharing basis which seem to quite small to fit two people. But from the second year, single rooms are given whose size is fairly manageable. Facilities in hostel are quite good which include 2-3 washing machines per floor, multipurpose playground, badminton court, basketball court, kits for most games, TT Table, Billiards (in some hostels), Foosball etc. 
Mess food is not very tasty but healthy. Utmost care is taken by the institute to ensure the quality of food and cleanliness. There are also multiple canteens in the college and some of them even operate over the night. There are also quite good number of restaurants around the institute."
The Ascendas I.T park, being very near to the boys hostel, is the most common hang-out place for the students. It has a huge food court which houses restaurants like McDonalds, KFC, Subway, Pizza Hut, etc.; other than this the nearby places would be Dominos pizza, Wang's kitchen, etc.On an average, classes take up about 24 hours of every week, with saturdays and sundays being holidays. Late night chats with friends, and hanging out in the CCD located inside the campus are the most common pastimes every weekend. There’s a million things to pursue, provided you find the time and provided you’re able to handle your rigorous academic schedule side by side.
Quality wise both hostel facilities and mess food are very good. They will provide each student separate room with single cot and 24h internet facility. Each and every hostel has separate TV room and washing me-chins, paper room and sports equipment and so on.While coming to the mess they will provide breakfast, lunch and dinner with different varieties. Morning and evening they will provide milk, coffee and tea. In break fast everyday bread is available. For lunch and dinner there will be two items and four curries along with chips.
First year it is shared accommodation and from second year single rooms are available with unlimited internet connection mess food is not that good but bearable both hostel and mess account to around 100 rupees per day which is very less compared to average rent outside.
My hotel was sharavathi for first 4 years and then sabarmati for my final year. Good hostels, the mess was upto survival. The best thing is, after spending time in IIT Madras mess, you will never complain on food. Hostels are made available for every student. Though there are few hotels nearby for parents to stay like Taramani guest house, ginger hotel.
Our campus is residential and hence most students stay in campus hostel itself like i do. First year for post grad students is usually sharing maybe with one or 3 more people. second year you are usually given single accomodation. Mess is very good with north or south indian preferences
The Hostels are very good there are a total of 18 hostels including girls hostels  where extracurricular activities complement the academic routine so no need of stay outside. Dining facilities are provided in two centralised halls dubbed 'Vindhya' and 'Himalaya messes have both type of food menu viz north indian or south indian. The mess and hostel fees for each semester will be 20150 rs.Food : 7/10Hostel Facilities : 9/10.
The hostels of IITM are one of the best hostels one can find in any institute throughout the country. The hostels and rooms are spacious and well lit. Natural light and air are ample in the rooms.2nd year onwards,  students get single rooms. Hostels are supplied with 24x7 supply of water and electricity.Mess food is something one will have to bear with. For south indians,  the mess food would be reasonable. However it is not for North Indian students. One would find hard to adjust to the food at campus. However now the institute is taking immense steps to make the stay of north indian students comfortable too. Various stalls and cafes have been set up which make the stay at the campus very comfortable.Also the great and unique location of the campus means there are a number of restaurants around the campus.
The hostel rooms are very neat and the best part is the food. You love the food in hostel. Its very hygienic and they provide a very good healthy and hygienic food. We can even have the feedback on monthly basis for any improvements. There are 2 sharing r
Almost all students stayed at hostel. Each student was given a single room from their second year. Each room had internet facility. Room was good. In the first year rooms were on a sharing basis with 3 students per room in a big room.
Hostels were awesome. First years had sharing and later years would have single rooms. Hostel fees including mess was 26 K per annum. Mess food was pretty good and we had regular checkups. But eventually it god boring and we ate out mostly in the final ye
Hostel and Mess charges include around 18,150 per semester. Roughly it translates to around 88rupees per day for mess bill. The food is of good quality and very hygienic. Hostels rooms are sharing (2 per room) in the first year then single rooms from 2nd
"Hostels are well enough .It has all facilities for students like laundry, T.V room, balcony etc. Each hostel has a mess which contains both North Indian and South Indian food. Quality and Quantity of food is good and adequate. Everything is hygienic.
First -year students are provided with double or triple occupancy rooms. Later on they get single rooms. Rooms have  beds, table and fan/coolers too.
Each floor of hostel has fully maintained and equipped toilets.
Hostels are inside the campus only on walking/cycling distance from other buildings.
Hostels are affordable and registration process is quite simple that happens alongside admission process .No extra effort is required for registration except for the preference form and collecting mess id."
