Comments
I haven't visited the hostel yet, due to the pandemic. But I saw many photos and spoke with my seniors about this. Their review is awesome. Mess food charges are slightly high, but the food quality is also good. Every hostel has separate grounds and canteens. Our wing group is awesome.
The college has world-class infrastructure, Wi-Fi on the cam...
Wi-Fi is available in every common facility, including gymkhana, hostel lobby, mess, library, reading room, department lobby and lecture hall complex. Facilities that are common in all hostels...
The infrastructure of our college is superb. It has tall buildings and an excellent Wi-Fi enabled campus. Each hostel has its own computer lab, and we have a very large common library too. We have lots of canteens offering variou...
Every facility is available in the college, labs and library, but Wi-Fi is a problem. The quality of food and medical facilities are good. Sports and games are very good, but teachers are strict....
Our hostel and mess facilities are like 5-star hotels.
The infrastructure is quite good in our college, Wi-Fi is available everywhere, Labs are good but I believe they can be further improved to give more practical knowledge and fun. Quality of food varies from Hostel to hostel and mess to me...
The campus of our college is full of greenery and amazing. Wi-Fi available everywhere on the college campus. Classrooms are fully air-conditioned. A vast collection of books is found In the library. Hostels are very good all the facility are available in hostel.
Infrastructure is the best classic ever and the campus is very vast and big. We have our separate movie theatre in college, 24 hours open library, Wi-Fi in the whole campu...
The facilities at various departments are really good and the campus has all the infrastructure needed for research. There are Wi-Fi installed everywhere. Food quality is really good in hostels and there are best night canteens too. Med...
IIT has one of the most amazing campuses. It is very beautifully constructed. It has very big classrooms with proper ventilation. Free Wi-Fi is provided for students' comfort everywhere in the building. The library is very huge and it has numerous books academic and non-academic books as well. There are two separate hostels, one for girls and one for boys. The quality of the food served is much better than any place in hygienic conditions. We have a huge canteen with a number of chairs and table...
Facilities like Wi-Fi, labs and classrooms are neat and tidy. There was no disturb...
Our college provides facilities like Wi-Fi, labs, air-conditioned classrooms, library and modern machines like EPMA, XRF and XRD. The college provides hostel facility. Good facilities, like a single room, common room, gym and games rooms, are available in the hostel. Quality of food served is not that much good as compared to other hostels. Canteens are available, but its number has been reduced since the previous year. Medical facilities are very good, and it is available for 24 hours. Sports a...
The classrooms are amazing. There are plenty of different categories of classrooms, each category classroom is different from the other in various terms like size, ambience, but common on some grounds: Wi-Fi connectivity, AC, projec...
The infrastructure of our college is well-developed with the availability of the central library facility for 24x7 for students. The connectivity to the IIIT wireless through the campus made the study search easy, and it is a...
In IIT Bombay, the infrastructure and facilities in classrooms and labs are world-class since all the classrooms were built recently. They all are equipped with Wi-Fi facility and very good. But the quality of food and hostel conditions are not good. Except for 2-3 hostels, rest of all hostels are very old, and it is not possible to stay in them. There will be litter everywhere, and hardly there are no good washroom facilities. However, there is a separate sports area on the campus, which is wor...
Free Wi-Fi is available across the campus, which can be used by the college residents. Classrooms are huge enough and highly advanced with a staircase structure. Labs are also well-equipped with all kinds of instruments, which are necessary. Every student has access to the library, which has almost all kinds of books. Rooms are well organised, especially in the hostel, which was recently built. Old hostels are going to be replaced very soon with the new high infrastructure. The hot water facilit...
In our college, we have the freedom to roam anywhere on the campus, and we can use a Wi-Fi facility anywhere in our college. Superb quality food is served to eat, and icecreams are also provided. Medicines offered are high level to students for free.
Wi-Fi is available in every common facility, including gymkhana, hostel lobby, mess, library, reading room, department lobby and lecture hall complex. Facilities that are common in all hostels...
In IIT Bombay, the infrastructure and facilities in classrooms and labs are world-class since all the classrooms were built recently. They all are equipped with Wi-Fi facility and very good. But the quality of food and hostel conditions are not good. Except for 2-3 hostels, rest of all hostels are very old, and it is not possible to stay in them. There will be litter everywhere, and hardly there are no good washroom facilities. However, there is a separate sports area on the campus, which is wor...
