Comments
I will pass out in 2024. I don't have any experience yet, but the placement records are almost the top in the country. The average package offered last year was around 16 LPA, and I am very happy about it.
The placement rate in our college is pretty good. More than 70% of the students from our college got placed in various companies of their fields. Some of them are Google, Microsoft, Jaguar, etc. They offered roles on the basis of their metal, ranging from a technical engineer to production manager and above. Around 50% of the students got internships in various companies from here. The salary package offered varies from 8 LPA to 97 LPA.
Almost 90% of the students get placed on average every year. The highest salary package offered goes around 1.28 crore per annum, and the lowest salary package offered is around 6 LPA. Top recruiting companies include Apple, Microsoft and Amazon. Almost 95% of the students got internship opportunities here.
More than 60% of the students in the mechanical branch got placed. Many of them got placed in top MNCs. The top recruiting companies are Mercedes and Jaguar. The packages vary from 8 LPA to 94 LPA. The roles offered were diverse, from system engineers to R&D departments.
A total of 10,000+ students are studying in this college. The teaching method is very understanding. Only a few students got internships, like 10 to 20%. Companies like Godrej, Tata Motors, etc., visit here, and 2 to 3% of the students got selected. The fee is high, and the college has very strict rules.
There are about 80-90% of chances of getting placements. In the 7th semester, all companies from foreign and our country visit our college and begin the process of placements. We have to prepare our profile. For a good job, we have to score about 8 CPI.
Mostly students got placement and many chose to opt for startup or higher education. Big companies having finance, consulting, analytics, FMCG background come to our college for providing Internships. Naming a few would be like DB, ITC, PnG, HUL, Microsoft, etc.
My college placements are 100%. All the students are placed with very good packages. The average package offered is 18.0 lacs. The recruiting companies are PNG, Amazon, Flipkart, Paytm, and many more. All the students got an internship.
100% placements are done in college on an average package of 14 Lacs. The highest package was offered 1 crore and the lowest as 7 Lacs. Best college in technical education in India and Asia. Some students are on the way of becoming an entrepreneur and they are opening their own startups and getting high funding from ventures.
Almost every student gets placed via campus placement. If someone didn't get the opportunity, he or she has greater chances of getting placed via walk-ins. The highest CTC goes in Rs. Crores. All students do internship in their respective years for various roles.
Around 85% of the students who applied for placements got placed in our course. The highest salary offered was 1.5 lac per month, and the lowest salary offered was Rs. 80,000 per month. Top recruiting companies of our college are Amazon and Infosys. Approximately 70% of the students got placed in companies like Amazon, Microsoft, and Oracle. Top roles offered are software developer, web developer, and pen-testing.
About 56% of the students from our course got placed. The highest salary package offered is 13 LPA, and the lowest salary package offered ranges between 5-6 LPA. Top recruiting companies like Microsoft and Amazon visit our campus for placements. About 33% of the students from our course got an internship in IT companies. Top roles, like software engineer, head of a security chief, etc., are offered to the students.
Only 7% of the students from our course got placed. The highest salary package offered is 18 LPA, and the lowest salary package offered is 17 LPA. A top recruiting company of our course is Cairn India Limited. Everyone student from our course got an internship, as it is compulsory for students. So the college sent us to different industries based on our CPI. Computer Science is an elective course, which gives us good knowledge about programming.
Placements: 99%+ students usually get placed within the first 2-3 days of the placement period. Companies: Intel, Qualcomm, Texas Instrument, Samsung, Nvidia, etc. Roles: Hardware designer, Testing and verification, Layout engineer Internship: No internships provided.
Placement opportunities in our college are such that you will get the chance to be placed over the IIITB campus only for the further studies but with the valid competitive exam to be cleared as GATE. However, the position of RA is found there to be offered by the department.
About 90% of the students from our course were placed with an average salary package of 13 LPA. The highest salary package offered is 1.5 crore per annum, while the lowest salary package offered is 4 LPA. Sony, Qualcomm and Tesla are some of the top companies which visit here for placements. About 80% of the students got internships in companies like Google, Microsoft, Adobe, Qualcomm, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Samsung, etc.
I'm a student of electrical course from 2017 batch. This year many of my friends got internships in various reputed companies such as Google India, Sony Japan, Qualcomm, Texas Instruments, Goldman Sachs, American Express, etc. The highest salary is offered in the electrical domain by Google Hardware, and it was 1 lac per month. Qualcomm and Texas offered a salary of Rs. 50,000 per month, along with accommodation.
IIT Bombay is a nice college to study in. We should study on our own to develop our skills. IIT Bombay will provide full freedom. Our institute is very better for placements.
Around 16-20 out of 40-45 passing out students from my course were enrolled in placements, while rest chose to go for higher studies. Almost all of them were placed during placement season, with good salary packages, minimum being approximately 8LPA. About the highest, it is approximately 25LPA (not very sure). Of these 16-20 students, most chose to go for non-core companies, I. e, companies which don't necessarily have profile related to our coursework. For course related companies, KLA one of ...
The best thing about IITB is the placement ratio: almost all the people who study at least decently will get placed if they have some extracurricular activity profile like some projects or internships. As for the highest and the lowest, you obviously know IITs offer a very high package to the deserving. As for this year, it was somewhere around 1.2 crores (a foreign job) and the lowest would be around 5-10 LPA I guess. And as for the internships, I would guess at least 75% of people from my cour...
